Bump dependencies for 26.2 release (#172)
oracle/agent-spec: docs/pyagentspec/source/installation.rst

* The ``wayflow``, ``wayflow_oci``, ``wayflow_a2a``, ``wayflow_datastore`` extra dependency gives access to the WayFlow runtime adapter.
* The ``agent-framework`` extra dependency gives access to the Microsoft Agent Framework runtime adapter.
* The ``crewai`` extra dependency gives access to the CrewAI runtime adapter. Note that this adapter might be incompatible with other adapters if installed in the same virtual environment due to conflicting dependencies.

> * The ``evaluation`` extra dependency gives access to the Agent Spec Eval functionalities. Note that this extra might be incompatible with the ``langgraph-full`` extra if installed in the same virtual environment due to conflicting ``openai`` dependency requirements. LLM-based evaluation is only available on Python versions older than 3.14.

Reviewer: Rephrasing suggestion:

```suggestion
* The ``evaluation`` extra dependency gives access to the Agent Spec Eval functionalities. Note that this extra might be incompatible with the ``langgraph-full`` extra if installed in the same virtual environment due to conflicting ``openai`` dependency requirements. LLM-based evaluation is currently supported on Python versions up to 3.13.
```

Author: I reverted this whole file to main since `evaluation` is now compatible with `langgraph-full` again
